So we went over some of the operating
systems that you can download for
your DragonBoard and
how to build them from source.
So let's get into the assigned homework
to give you guys some work to do.
So for the first one we want you
to download VMWare Player or
Fusion and
you can find this on the VMWare website.
We'll show you how to
download VMWare Player, but
for Fusion, it should be the same thing.
So for Fusion,
it's the VMWare version for Macs,
and Player is for Linux and Windows users.
So then after you get the your VMWare
set up we want you to read all
the instructions for building from source
for each of the operating systems.
>> Android, OpenEmbedded, and Debian,
just understand how to do it.
And then after you understand how to do
it, we want you to build the images for
each of them and after that.
>> Yeah, then we want you guys to go
to the main websites for Android,
OpenEmbedded and Debian.
I'll show you how to navigate through them
after we go over just the overview of it.
The reason why we want you guys to do
this is to familiarize yourself with all
the operating systems.
We just don't want you to go through all
the work of downloading the operating
system and using an operating system
that might not even fit your needs.
So make sure you guys download
the right operating system.
And then next we want you to
explore is BitBake targets and
these are targets that allow you to
customize your OpenEmbedded versions.
So if you remember in one
of the previous videos,
we went over how to build
OpenEmbedded from source.
And one of the last steps was
to use BitBake to create maybe
an X11 GPU-accelerated version of
your OpenEmbedded or something else.
So we just wanted you guys to just go and
look at what other customizations
you guys might find online.
Just use your favorite search
engine to look for more.
So let's go to the screencast to see some
of the specifications that I talked about.
So the first one is here, here
if you see,
here’s the download VMware website.
And you can just go to the site and
look at all the different
products that you can find.
So for this one we want you to
just download the latest one, 7.0.
If you try to download 5.0, for
my computer, it didn't work.
So it might be the same for your guys', so
we just want you to take it safe and
just download VMware 7.0.
If you guys already have
a VMware Virtual Machine Player,
then it will most likely
tell you to uninstall it.
If you don't want this to happen,
then just use the VM player
that you already have.
So the second part we wanted to
specify is the Debian website,
which you can access through debian.org.
And we just want you to click on
about Debian and just read about it.
So here is one of the stuff we went over
in the previous video which basically
meant that Debian is mostly
composed of free software.
And that's why it has in big letters,
it's all free.
One of the major parts of Debian, so
make sure you guys read up on that and
Android as well.
So why Android?
So you guys can see some of the reasons
why you might choose Android.
So, you can just click on Play.
And the Google Play Store, as we mentioned
in the previous video, is also a huge part
of why people use Android, is because of
the big Android market that's available.
And then, here we have OpenEmbedded and
this is a Wiki page that is
pretty easy to navigate through.
We just want you to look at maybe
like frequently asked questions and
then, yeah just read up on that.
And yeah that's it for building
from source an operating system and
we hope you guys learned a lot,
and we'll see you guys next time.